Chapter 8.2: Clarification on Conda-pip integration (#824)
alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way: book/content/reproducible_environments/02/package-management.md

pip install scipy
```

> still works as long as `pip` is installed inside the currently active conda environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will list 'scipy' package explicitely - as long as `pip` is installed inside the currently active conda environment.
```

Reviewer: I am still not sure in pip was mentioned for installing a package in the conda environment, or independently. Usually, it is not recommended to use pip inside conda as it leads to an environment that is not easily reproducible. May be it is worth mentioning that here (ref: https://www.anaconda.com/using-pip-in-a-conda-environment/).

Author: But oftentimes the conda version of a package is outdated since the updates are released on pip and someone has to put extra effort to create the conda package. I agree it is worth mentioning the possible incompatibility issues that can arise by mixing pip and conda packages.

> This allows Conda to keep track of the Python packages installed via `pip`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unfortunately, when conda and pip are used together to create an environment, it can lead to a state that can be hard to reproduce. Specifically, running conda after pip may potentially overwrite or break packages installed via pip. One way to avoid this is by installing as many requirements as possible with conda, and then use pip. Detailed information can be read on the post [Using Pip in a Conda Environment](https://www.anaconda.com/using-pip-in-a-conda-environment/).
```
